I got this little black dress from
Walmart a couple years back there are
tears of fabric that go all the way down
from the collar to the bottom of the
dress this beautiful turquoise bubble
necklace is from Lux craving I will put
the link to that shop in the down bar
and I'll also put a link to Selena's
YouTube channel she's the shop owner so
go ahead and check out all of her
beautiful jewelry you like it's gorgeous
and I want more I got this beaded
bracelet for a dollar at glitter and the
lace-up heels are from Charlotte Russe
honestly I feel this outfit would look
best with one of those fancy lace
dresses imagine a black lace dress with
3/4 sleeves and this lace everywhere but
I do not have one so we're gonna have to
pretend and you make do with this
for cooler weather you could also try to
pair this dress with tights or leggings
and maybe a blazer or jacket as well
this white lace strapless dress is from
American Eagle you do have the option of
putting straps on but I didn't check
when I bought it and mine only came with
one I actually wear this dress in my
summer fashion video for 2012 that's on
my channel so check that out if you
haven't yet my beautiful fringe boots
are from route 21 and they have studs on
them as well which makes them look even
better and heels too so I love that
about them I also paired a brown belt
with a bold belt buckle and just kind of
tied it on the side to accent the dress
and give it a little more color since
it's just plain white the bracelets
match the belt and the turquoise accent
of the necklace and the buckle this
beautiful heart necklace is from
Claire's I actually got it for a dollar
when they had a 10 for 10 sale going on
the earrings are nothing too special
just a big diamond stud and a very tiny
one I definitely would prefer if this
dress were to be a little bit shorter
and maybe a bubble skirt to give it a
little bit more pep but it still looks
cute like this anyway this straight tube
dress was made by me out of old t-shirts
I paired it with a chunky gold necklace
that I
for Macy's and I like to wear colorful
straps underneath you can either use a
bra or tank top for this you can see
that I'm wearing a bright magenta strap
underneath this dress my bracelets are
pretty match II to the stirrups and
necklace I have these beaded bracelets
from Claire's and then this pink and
gold wrap bracelet which I got from a
local gift shop at a casino Rodeo Drive
baby that was my white flip-flops are
from JCPenney
very inexpensive they're 250 so this is
just a very casual look something that
you can wear for summer something you
can wear on the beach especially as a
bathing suit cover-up this fuchsia color
hi-low hem dresses from JCPenney this
dress is paired with silver accessories
I have a really long necklace on from
rue 21 that has really pretty charms a
lock a key and a heart the quadruple
looking diamond ring is from Charming
Charlie's and the flattened pyramid
bracelet is from forever 21 I also have
some wedge heels on with a black bow
these are from Kayla wearing a long
dress can make your body appear shorter
than it is so wearing some sort of he'll
definitely helps to balance that out
you probably